extended troubleshooting in the docs and fixed a few typos (#46)
elkowar/eww: docs/content/main/troubleshooting.md

## Troubleshooting

Here you will find help if something doesn't work, if the issue isn't listed here please [open an issue on the GitHub repo.](https://github.com/elkowar/eww/issues)

### My scss isn't being loaded!

1. You have not created a scss file
2. The scss file isn't called correctly. (it should be called `eww.scss` in the `$HOME/.config/eww` folder)
3. The scss file isn't placed in the correct location (check above)

> 4. You have used two (or more) semi-colons (;;) instead of one (;) at the end of a line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Tbh this is just wrong, double semicolon should never make a difference. I probably overlooked this in the original PR that added the docs.

### Something isn't styled correctly!

1. You have mistyped the CSS class.
2. Check the [GTK-Debugger](#gtk-debugger)

### General issues

You should try the following things, before opening a issue or doing more specialized troubleshooting: 

- Try killing the eww daemon with `eww kill` and run again

> - If you're running with `-d`, run without `-d` to see output, or have a look at ~/.cache/eww.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're running with `-d`, run without `-d` to see output, or run `eww logs` to see the logs written by eww. These logs are stored in `~/.cache/eww.log`.
```
